sup nerds today is April 10 2013 and it
is the tenth day of log every day in
April so today I am excited because I
just got something pretty cool in the
mail my first loot crate so basically
loot crate is this company online where
you can go and sign up for thirteen
dollars and thirty-seven cents a month I
believe leet and then once a month you
will receive one of these Luke rates
with just a bunch of cool random nerdy
stuff inside so this is my first actual
loot crate that I got in the mail I did
get one at playlist live because they
were there and hanging out and I met
them and it was sweet but this is my
first real one that I got in the mail
and I'm excited we're gonna open this up
and see what kind of goodies we got in
here this month let's take it over to
the Star Wars bed so we are going to
start it off open this box up here we go
all right it's right off the top here we
got a little card I'll look at that more
in depth later but oh yeah I'm liking
what I see already actually seeing these
pop star wars bobble heads before
because I got a couple of them for
someone for their birthday or Christmas
I can't remember but anyway they're
pretty awesome and I got Yoda which is
one of my favorite characters in the
Star Wars universe so that is awesome oh
yeah next thing we got little star wars
post card that's pretty sweet so on one
side it looks like a little star wars
comic book old-school style and then of
course on this side is just a blank
postcard so it's kind of thing you could
either key for yourself and like frame
and hang up or whatever or just send it
to someone that you think is awesome
enough to get a star horse postcard and
here we go onward so right here it looks
like you got a little wristband and you
know me at all you know that I'm I'm a
fan of wristbands I don't open this
thing got to be smarter than the plastic
good thing I have a knife here all that
made things so much easier hook it up
closer so you can see the finer details
but we got the up up down down left
right left right ba start believe that
is what they call the Contra code oh and
inside it says Luke recom
um BAM put that on right now just and
are we go next up we got oh it looks
like another postcard here and they're
kind of old school looking comic style
postcard I'm digging these things I
might actually have to make some more
room on my wall to like get these things
framed or something or maybe all maybe
I'll just send them to a friend I don't
know yet all right next up is not quite
sure exactly what this is actually this
might be like an iron on thing for a
shirt and I could be wrong about this
but it seems like it's either a sticker
okay maybe it's just a sticker so it is
actually just a sticker but it's pretty
neat I'm not sure exactly what this is
from but I'm okay with cool looking guys
with like futuristic looking guns okay
we're starting to get down to the bottom
what do we got left down here so down at
the bottom here we had a little pin or
button with I believe what is the Vulcan
greeting pretty sweet and let's keep on
going so here we have the hexbug battery
powered robot not really exactly sure
what this thing is but I'd have to open
it up and find out pop the top oh and it
just comes right out is this little guy
oh we got a little switch down here oh
it's vibrating so it's a little bug
saliva so we got a little bug to play
with now and then not too not too shabby
all right anything left in here I've got
some wrapping paper I don't think this
is one of the cool things but looks like
that is it for this loot crate so once I
actually looked at it I figured out that
this little car that was lying on top of
this stuff inside the loot crate there's
actually a little list of everything
that was in there they said we got the
star wars bobble head we got the little
hexbug micro robot the sticker / thing
that I didn't quite know what it was at
first it's actually a dead space 3 wall
graphic so you can just stick it up on
your wall and then of course we got our
wrist band right here and a couple of
those star wars post cards that were
sweet and then lastly the live long and
prosper but as for my favorite item of
this Lance loot crate I am definitely
gonna have to go with these star wars
yoda bobblehead because you know that i
love Star Wars it's very close to my
heart and Yoda is in fact one of my
favorite characters in all the Star Wars
universe so it looks like that is it for
this month's Luke rate what you guys
think so something I should keep doing
because I think there's gonna be some
more cool stuff coming if I can just get
a freaking Yoda bobble head like that
randomly I'm totally okay with that well
anyway if you guys would like to sign up
and get your own loot crate every month
with all kinds of random cool nerdy
stuff inside you can go to loot crate
com / Jason Monday and sign up there and
tell them that I sent you i will put a
link down in the description so that you
can go and check that out and if you
guys do start getting luke rates let me
know what you're thinking about them but
that's it for today thank you so much
for watching as always and I'll see you
nerds tomorrow day 9 of log every day in
April so today I'm going to be doing
little dream tag that I saw Christina
Morris channel AKA i talk to snakes